By registering with Woopig.net and using this website, each user agrees, understands, and warrants the following:

Woopig.net is a non-corporate, not-for-profit, self-funded, public internet forum intended to be used by fans of the athletics programs of the University of Arkansas.  Admission to Woopig.net is generally open to the public, but may be subject to approval by the owners and administrators, for whom the administration of this website is an unpaid hobby.  Woopig.net is independent of, and not affiliated with, the University of Arkansas, its Athletic Department, or the Razorback Foundation, or UA students or athletes, or any other related person or entity.  As with every public forum, the content of each user’s posts belongs solely to the user and not to any other person or entity associated with Woopig.net.

By registering with Woopig.net, each user agrees to view text and/or material that is or may be false, defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise objectionable.  In fact, “objectionable” is the default state of all material on the internet, and each user of Woopig.net is expected to understand the same.  However, a user may not post any text or material that violates any United States or Arkansas law, or the policies of Woopig.net as explained herein.  Each user also explicitly agrees not to post to Woopig.net any copyrighted, trademarked, or otherwise protected material, unless the user owns the material, or the material is presented as “fair use” under United States and/or Arkansas law.

Woopig.net does not allow any type of solicitation, including but not limited to advertisements, junk mail, directed mail, “spam”, chain letters, pyramid schemes, Ponzi schemes, or “multi-level marketing” (or any pseudonyms therefor).  General trade (e.g., ticket sales or exchanges, ride shares, sale of personalty) is allowed, but Woopig.net is not responsible or liable for any aspect of such trade.

Each user understands and agrees that it is impossible for anyone associated with Woopig.net to confirm the validity or provenance of any content posted by users of the site.  No person associated with Woopig.net monitors or is responsible for the posted content.  No person associated with Woopig.net warrants the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information presented.  To the contrary, it is more likely that the information presented in each post is inaccurate, incomplete, and/or useless.  The posted messages express only the views of the author, and not necessarily the views of any administrator or owner of Woopig.net.  Anyone who feels that any posted content is objectionable is encouraged to notify an administrator, but no response or corrective action should ever be expected.  Nevertheless, the administrators and owners of this forum have the right to remove or modify any content posted to Woopig.net (including member profile information), without notice or explanation.

Each user is solely responsible for the content of the user’s posted text and materials.  Furthermore, by using Woopig.net, each user agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the owners and administrators of this forum for any claim related to the user’s posted text or material.  Woopig.net is a public forum, and, as such, no contract, warranty, guarantee, or any kind of legally enforceable agreement can be made between the owners/administrators of this forum and its users.

The owners and administrators of Woopig.net adhere to two written rules with respect to posted text and material: (1) no pornography; and (2) no overt racism.  These very limited rules are intended to allow unfettered public discussion of any topic, with the rationale that pornography is better found anywhere else on the internet, and overt racism is the most objectionable of the few objectionable things that most users on Woopig.net would prefer to avoid.  In order to preserve discussion, the owners and administrators of Woopig.net will censor and/or ban any user who simultaneously operates (or appears to operate) more than one account, regardless of the content posted by either account.

Like all other SMF-based forums, Woopig.net places a cookie in each user's local internet data to remember the user's ID and other related information.  This cookie is otherwise meaningless to the owners and administrators of Woopig.net.  Woopig.net does not use any type of advertising or tracking software.

Generally, the owners and administrators of Woopig.net do not view or reveal any personally identifying information with regard to any user.  However, by joining and using Woopig.net, each user agrees, understands, and warrants that, as with every use of the internet or any public forum, THE USER’S ANONYMITY CANNOT BE PROTECTED.  To the contrary, EACH USER’S PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION IS ALWAYS VIEWABLE BY THE ADMINISTRATORS AND OWNERS OF WOOPIG.NET, AND MAY BE REVEALED TO THE PUBLIC AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT JUSTIFICATION.  The owners of Woopig.net also reserve the right to reveal the user's identity (or any other related information collected herein) as required by law.

This Registration Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Arkansas without regard to conflicts of law principles or provisions.